[doc] Updates to reflect current recommended setup and flows (#116)
lowRISC/sonata-system: doc/guide/fpga-update.md

# Reloading the FPGA Image

*We have seen some issues with the standard FPGA loading flow using the RP2040.

> Util these are fixed we recommened using a special version of the RP2040 firmware that has the bitstream built into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until these are fixed we recommend using a special version of the RP2040 firmware that has the FPGA's bitstream pre-built into it.
```

> This is named `tmp_rpi_rp2_part1_v0.2.uf2` in the current release.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the releases page?
